README.md, before:

# MAP EDITOR + Procedural Generator

I just came up this idea because it's fun and challenge my current skill (2025-12-10)

## Approach

Since This is New Project My Approach is simple, i just want to make it work and if it worth to continue that i will push this Project

## List
- A Simple Map
- A Simple Algorithm For Procedural Generator
- A Simple Way To Communicate Between Server and Client
- A Simple Feature To Brush Or Play With Canvas
- An Undo / Redo Cmd

## Current Work

Right now, I'm adding an Undo Command. I did manage to undo the map source of truth, but the cache for view result are need to invalidate. So i need to think a way to invalidate the cache and rebuild it again. The Question how do i rebuild it again, should i search and destroy and create new technique or search every value and replace it with new value. I Have two approach right now.

## Thing To Refactor

- The Draw Function
- The Calculation To Detect World Coordinate, Chunk Coordinate, Local Chunk Coordinate
- A Function To Recreate new Cache

Commit message:

feat: some changes in store undo redo state and update readme.md

README.md, after:

# MAP EDITOR + Procedural Generator

I just came up this idea because it's fun and challenging my current skill (2025-12-10)
For some reason i build something similar like game engine but i hope is not (2025-01-09)

## Approach

Since This is New Project My Approach is simple, ~~i just want to make it work and if it worth to continue that i will push this Project~~
Well... The project is tough but fun and joy for me, it's challenge my current understanding on canvas, game engine, and even architecture approach to solve a problem

## List
- A Simple Map |Done|
- A Simple Algorithm For Procedural Generator |Done|
- A Simple Way To Communicate Between Server and Client (This will probably the last until Core feature completed)
 - Because Right now the state is in the client, to be able to do a collaboration or something similar, i need to move the state to server
 - And add Web Socket and extra logic to be able communicate properly between two thing
- A Simple Feature To Brush Or Play With Canvas
  - Like Add Color to certain location
  - Or other editor function
- An Undo / Redo Cmd |Done|
- Some Edge Case that i don't know

## Current Work

Time To add The Paint Or Brush Function

## Thing To Refactor |Priority Right Now|

- The Draw Function
- The Calculation To Detect World Coordinate, Chunk Coordinate, Local Chunk Coordinate
- A Function To Create new Cache
